## Disclaimer
This Simplifier project including the implementation guide and the resources listed herein are provided by SAP SE and its affiliated companies ('SAP’) for informational purposes only, without representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied, or of merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose, and does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information, text, graphics, links, or other items contained within these materials. SAP shall not be liable for errors or omissions with respect to the materials. The content may be subject to change without notice. SAP expressly maintains the right to change, amend, delete or stop the publication of the implementation guide and its resources at any time. Any user of this information remains responsible for their integration into the SAP solution. SAP shall have no liability for damages of any kind, including without limitation direct, special, indirect, or consequential damages that may result from the display and/ or use of the information, unless such damages have been caused by SAP's gross negligence or willful misconduct. 

#### Coding Samples
Any software coding and/or code lines / strings ("Code") included in this documentation are only examples and are not intended to be used in a productive system environment. The Code is only intended to better explain and visualize the different FHIR resources. SAP does not warrant the correctness and completeness of the Code given herein, and SAP shall not be liable for errors or damages caused by the usage of the Code, except if such damages were caused by SAP intentionally or grossly negligent.

#### Internet Hyperlinks
This Simplifier project and its implementation guide may contain hyperlinks to the Internet. These hyperlinks are intended to serve as a hint where to find supplementary documentation. SAP does not warrant the availability and correctness of such supplementary documentation or the ability to serve for a particular purpose. SAP shall not be liable for any damages caused by the use of such documentation, unless such damages have been caused by SAP's gross negligence or willful misconduct.

#### Limitation of Liability
Within this disclaimer, SAP intends to limit its liability to the maximum extent possible under applicable law. The invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any portion of this language shall not affect the validity, legality, or enforceability of any other content of this disclaimer, which shall remain in full force and effect.
